Doc: trip delete (#3081)
CanalTP/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/authentication.md

`curl https://3b036afe-0110-4202-b9ed-99718476c2e0@api.navitia.io/v1/coverage`

> <aside class="notice">

Reviewer: I would have change the begining of this chapter. For example
_For example, in a [Curl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL) way, you can request either :_

_For example, in a [Curl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL) way, you can request either (using the fake sandbox token) :_

> The token used in documentation has only access to "sandbox" coverage.</br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The token used within this documentation has only access to the "sandbox" coverage.</br>
```

> The private token token obtained on https://navitia.io has access to other coverages, but not to "sandbox".

Reviewer 3: token in double
